---
layout: post
title: January Bits
date: ‘2023-01-06’
categories: bits
tags: random
---


This is a running daily of all the stuff done in January.
Or just some thoughts

January 10 10:16 AM

Trip to SBA cancelled - will go tomorrow. Might try to record presentation to save time tomorrow. Worked on class website in Rstudio - still a bit of mystery but getting it done. Have faculty meeting today to discuss hiring rubric. Also plan on finishing up revisions on Oly epigenetics paper.

January 9 11:31 AM

Today I was working on the website for my class using our studio and one thing I learned is that for some pages you actually have to knit and build the website and also I noticed that in our markdown file there is an option that every time you say they are marked down it will automatically net so I selected that and that should save me a time

January 6 2:56 PM

I just figured out how to use Shortcuts on an Apple iPhone such that at a given time every day my monthly post will come up on my phone automatically I update it and hit commit and done

January 6, 1:51 PM

OK now I just can’t resist posting to my notebook because it’s so easy 😊

January 6 1:32 PM.

I have completed my objective of making this easy. I have an icon on the home on my phone I click on it brings up a text page and I talk to my phone.

January 6 1:18 PM

What I have done now is set up the infrastructure to make notebook post on a daily basis using my phone and using my voice leveraging the application called Working Copy. I could also use the native GitHub application on my phone but this has a few advantages .